And this is the the real end of week one exercises that you need to take seriously because these are

important.

First and foremost, of course, to state the obvious, you should build this yourself.

It's a valuable tool.

It's really cool.

You should deploy it.

It is the future of resumes, an interface you can chat with about yourself.

And next, of course, you should improve the resources that are supplied to the chatbot.

This is very vanilla, just a LinkedIn profile.

You can add much more detail about your background.

You can add in lots of of important stuff.

And you could answer.

You could give answers to all of the typical career y kinds of questions.

So you can make sure that you've got a really robust knowledge base of data there.

If you know how Rag works, you could implement Rag.

You could put in a coma data store.

If you've done my LM engineering course, then you know this stuff super well.

You could build that in there, and you could have it doing something that has like a bunch of different

documents that it's able to to refer to in giving good answers with relevant context.

And then you should add in more tools.

You could have a tool that can make a SQL query to a database to look at prior questions that can be

answered, and a database where it could add in questions that require an answer.

So you could have something that's quite interactive where where the LM is able to to add questions

to a database and it can text you and then it'll send you a push notification, and then you can come

in and add the answers, and it will then provide the answers later to the user.

So you could add all of that stuff, which would be really interesting.

And then the final exercise for you, of course, is that you may have noticed that whilst in the last

lab we built an evaluator.

I didn't actually include the evaluator here because it just felt like that was too, too much, too

much for one lab.

But you should now bring that back.

Let's have the evaluator in there to make sure that all of the responses that people give very professional

and crisp and do well.

So these are all good exercises for you to get involved in.

And there's also plenty of user interface stuff you could do to make this nicer.

You can make that Gradio app look prettier for sure