Let me now tell you the final to do's for you.

And so my first request to you is to be building.

You should go in and look at the community contributions from others, and then add some of your own

community contributions.

If you're interested in the trading simulator.

I really love this project.

I would love it if you added more MCP servers.

Add some more agents to the mix, give it some more autonomy to do new things.

I'd love to be able to add short selling crypto currency trading into the mix, But if if a different

project appeals to you more, then work on that.

I can't wait to see the stuff that you build and then share on LinkedIn.

Share your success with this project with this course.

Share your contributions, share any aha moment, anything that's been inspirational for you, or an

insight that you'd like to highlight to other people and post that.

And if you tag me, then I will weigh in and make sure that it gets amplified along my community as

well, to make sure that that your expertise is shared wide and perhaps catches the attention of future

clients of yours, or maybe future employers of yours as well.

And then I may may have mentioned this maybe once or twice.

Uh, please do connect with me on LinkedIn.

I love connecting with people on LinkedIn.

You don't need to, uh, make a comment if you don't want to.

You can just connect.

But if you do want to make a comment, then I will reply.

And, uh, yeah, people joke that I have an agent running.

It's not an agent.

It's going to be me.

I will reply to you.

I do reserve the right to occasionally paste from my clipboard because, you know, I do sometimes say

the same thing again and again, but I assure you that at least 50% of the content will be original

content typed, but maybe half of it will be a sort of paste at the end of it there.

But I'm sure you'll forgive me for that.

That that must be allowed.

But other than that, please do connect with me on LinkedIn.

And I should also say my my editor would kill me if I didn't mention that.

If you're able to rate this course on Udemy, it makes a huge difference.

That's the main way that Udemy decides whether or not to recommend this course to other people.

So as I say, it makes an enormous difference for me and for the course.

If you have a moment to go in and rate the course, I would be super grateful.

And that brings us to the final few seconds of this course.

